TITLE: Chaiju Island, Korea — C. L. Butterfield, ARH 1916.7.6 (V93-33), p.10·12
URL: https://documents.adventistarchives.org/Periodicals/RH/RH19160706-V93-33.pdf
============================================================
Chaiju Island, Korea 
C. L. BUTTERFIELD 
CHAIJU ISLAND, or, as it is sometimes 
called, Quelpart Island, is the largest 
island belonging to Korea, and is about 
120 miles to the southwest of the penin-
sula. The first authentic record of the 
island is in 477 A. D., when the little 
kingdom of T'am-na, as Chaiju was then 
called, sent an envoy to the court of 
Pak-je, one of the three kingdotns ex-
isting on the peninsula at that time, with 
gifts. The people of the island were 
strong, and their history has been one 
of war and carnage, No more, than six-
teen years ago there was an uprising, 
and all the Catholics, about six hundred 
in number, were put to death in two days. 
The island is about thirty miles wide 
and fifty long. Hal-la mountain stands, 
in the center, and is the second highest 
peak in all Korea. The island is covered 
with lava stone that was at some early 
date thrown from the crater of this 
mountain. There is so much of this 
stone that, although the fields are very 
small, they all have high stone fences 
about them, house lots are inclosed with 
the same, and all roads are kept within 
bounds by the never-ending lava stone. 
The population of the island now num-
bers about 200,000. 
Early in the year 1914 a canvasser 
went to this island, and one day met a 
man who had been drinking liquor. 
When the agent saw that the man was 
intoxicated, he was not anxious to sell 
to him, but the man wanted to buy; and 
he did buy a copy of everything the can- 
vasser had,--" Thoughts on Daniel and 
the Revelation," Helps to Bible Study," 
and a pamphlet on the " Nature of Man," 
and three copies of the magazine. Later 
this man discovered that while intoxi-
cated he had bought Christian literature, 
and not desiring to spend his money in 
vain, decided that, although he knew 
nothing of Christianity, he would be-
come a Christian and study the litera-
ture. To be a Christian he thought it 
would be necessary to attend church, so 
he went to the only church in that part 
of the island, supposing that it was the 
church that had published the literature 
he had bought. 
For four months this man was faith-
ful in attending church and studying his 
literature. But one Sunday the pastor 
notified the congregation that, without 
doubt, workers of the Sabbath church 
would soon come to that place, and for 
them to have nothing to do with the 
false teachers. 
At the close of the meeting the man 
went to the pastor and said, " Pastor, 
are we not the Sabbath church ? I do 
not understand your warning." To this 
the pastor replied that they were not 
keeping the seventh-day Sabbath, but 
were keeping the resurrection day. This 
was a surprise to our new Christian, and 
he replied, 'Why, Pastor, since I became 
a Christian I have studied much and 
have been trying to lead other souls to 
Christ, telling them that they should 
keep the seventh-day Sabbath." This 
was too much for the pastor. He be-
came angry, told the man that he was a 
deceiver, an employee of the seventh-day 
church, coming in there to break up his 
congregation. 
Until this time our new Christian 
had never heard that there were other 
churches, and knew nothing of the Sev-
enth-day Adventists. But he was no 
longer allowed to attend that church, 
and so it seemed best for him to move 
to another part of the island. He went 
to a place called Sa Kae Re, where there 
are about five hundred houses, but not a 
Christian inhabitant. He rented a house, 
and with his wife decided to keep the 
true Sabbath, worshiping on that day in 
their rented house. However, the people 
of the place said that they would not 
allow a Christian to hold religious serv-
ices in that village. 
About one mile back of the village 
 THE 
WORLD-WIDE 
FIELD 
A 
1 
 
 

[p.12]
THE SA KAE RE CHURCH BUILDING / ROCKY CLIFF BY SEASHORE, WITH BAPTISMAL GROUP

there is a rocky mountain, and high up 
on one side of it is a large cave, Our 
man now decided that as he was not 
allowed to worship in what was called 
a Christian church or hold meetings in 
the house in which he was living in that 
heathen village, he would go to this cave 
and worship God on the day he had 
blessed and set apart for his worship. 
Each Sabbath morning for three months 
he, with his wife, would leave his house 
before daylight so that people would not 
see them, and spend the day in this cave, 
studying the Word of God, praying, and 
singing. As they were spending one 
Sabbath in the great cave,—,a natural 
cathedral,— some people from the vil-
lage came to the cave sight-seeing, and 
were surprised to find a man and his 
wife there studying the Bible. They 
soon became interested in what was told 
them, and returned the next Sabbath, 
bringing others with them. Thus an in-
terest was aroused, and by the end of that 
month a man of influence in the village 
had also decided to become a Christian, 
and he said that they should hold meet-
ings in the village from then on, and he 
would see that they were not molested. 
In these native villages there are no 
large houses suitable for meeting pur-
poses, most of the rooms being eight 
feet square, and so only a few persons 
can assemble. The man of influence, 
Mr. Yun by name, said that as he had 
spent most of his money for drink, he 
would now spend what he had left to 
build a church in which they could wor-
ship God. He had a little piece of 
ground that had been given to him by 
his father for his house lot, which he 
said he would use. He planned to build 
a little church that would seat about 
thirty persons, but the people of the 
place strongly objected to having a 
church building erected there. They 
were so determined that he should not 
build that he said he would change his 
plan and make the new church the larg-
est building in the place, capable of seat-
ing at least one hundred people. 
That building is now about finished, 
and the expense has been borne mostly 
by. Brother Yun, although it has taken 
almost all his worldly possessions. The 
building is well located, and besides the 
meeting-room there are living-rooms for 
the native worker who will labor there 
for a time. Brother Yun, anxious that 
this building should be used only for the 
proclamation of the third angel's mes-
sage, has given a deed of the land and 
building to the Korean Mission. 
On the last Sabbath in February, in 
company with Pastor R. C. Wangerin, 
who is director of the work in that part 
of Korea, it was the privilege of the 
writer to visit this place and by a rocky 
cliff in the ocean baptize eleven candi-
dates, including the above-mentioned 
two brethren. These have taken a firm 
stand for the truth. A Sabbath school 
of nineteen members has been organized, 
and many others have promised to be-
come Christians. The opposition that 
was manifested at the first is rapidly giv-
ing place to friendliness, and we trust 
that a strong church will be built up 
there, and many souls won for Christ. 
The people told us that this was the 
first time that a Westerner had ever 
visited their village, and from the way 
they flocked to our room, or gathered 
in groups by the road as we passed, or 
peeked through the stone walls at us, we 
could easily believe that they had never 
seen our like before. 
The journey to the island has to be 
made on a small boat which runs when 
the wind is not too strong, which is the 
case much of the time, as we found out. 
To one who is not a good seaman the 
trip at sea is not at all pleasing, and 
even Pastor Wangerin, who is a good 
sailor, broke his record this time and 
experienced the pleasures ( ?) of sea-
sickness while going to the island. 
At the time a steamer was scheduled 
to leave, we returned to the port, but 
had to wait just five days in a small 
room in a Korean inn before the ship 
came. Our food supply had been ex-
hausted even before we returned to the 
inn, and all we could get to eat was rice 
and eggs. Those were days of anxious 
waiting, yet Gods ways are not our 
ways, and even those days of " exile " 
proved to be days of blessing to us. We 
are glad to have visited the place, and 
trust that much will be accomplished on 
the island during the present year. Two 
native evangelists are now stationed on 
the island, and many are anxious to 
know what they must do to be saved. 
Pray for the work in this part of the 
vineyard. 
•-•- 
